Are you OK?
Brian, I’m worried.
You need more money.
Jehovah will take care of us.
He always has.
We have enough.
Maybe enough for today,
but what if you get sick?
Gloria’s mother keeps badgering her
and me to move up.
I can get a job
at my uncle’s real estate firm.
Maybe this is an answer
to our prayers.
What about your pioneering?
What about it?
I can do both.
Gloria, I must congratulate you
on your hard work with my company.
But you must learn
to keep your religion in its place.
We’re neglecting
family worship, study, service.
We’ve even become too busy,
or maybe too ashamed,
to even pray together.
I’m concerned about you.
One of the things
that you always talked to me about
was Matthew 6:24:
‘You cannot slave for God and for Riches.’
You’re not the same person
that I once knew.
Dad,
where is Mom?
She is coming, right?
Is it really wrong
to try to improve our life?
Mom.
“Remember the wife of Lot.”